Oh dancing down by the docks tonight and
the UV limits of the clouds can reveal
more than you bargained for
the European yellowtail scorpion is
rarely lethal we won't want to lie
around in this gutter after a skinful
there are now three separate colonies of
scorpion living in London some several
thousand strong some immigrants arrive
on boats others by train
this man is hunting aliens that are
sneaking their way in using the old
Victorian canals crayfish bob has ideas
for big business down here he wants to
catch the invaders for us all to eat
within these murky depths he stumbled
upon a gang war with crayfish invaders
from both Europe and America fighting
over territory this underworld
is the scene for a major turf war I
would think in this darkness this would
be a very attractive habitat this old
brickwork the chances are they are fine
crevices hideaway Inns yeah I would
think this this was a very popular place
to reside well that's the ribs one as
you see red swamp likes living in swamps
and
these are somewhat rate what we have is
four different species of crayfish
they're all invasive none of them should
be here the old gang of white dog folk
logon years ago and it's like a gang
here in a gang there and it's all about
territory
the serpentine for example used to be
absolutely teeming with Turkish crayfish
but now the signal crayfish of famine
Hampstead Heath what's Turkish territory
red swamp moving his other sort of gang
Latins Wars of the 60s the gangs are on
the move
in made a vile red swamp has moved on a
signals patch a punch up is inevitable
[Music]
the signal crayfish fights dirty he
carries with him the plague that lays
low or other crayfish in his paths
he's already wiped out the native
crayfish and his gang is set to take
over the whole of London
he's killed most of our native white
claws in many areas he's teaming on the
bottom of the rivers it's quite likely
to do what he's done to the rest of the
UK and become dominant in the waterways
of London a new border is being
established
all over London is the same the ancient
residents and immigrants are pioneering
a new future with us in the city this
unnatural habitat is home for a new
generation and they're growing up in a
place that suits them just fine and city
life can be a bit easier than making a
living in the countryside especially in
winter when there's a little extra food
to be found
modern life usually creates a barrier
between us and the natural world but
just occasionally technology brings us
closer together
Ernie has his own special relationship
with the Foxes he feeds around his night
watchman's cabin mr. Shelton out that
actually does it they seem to get to
recognise the voice then he sits back
for his own reality TV show live and
like liliane and her foxes and Cyrus and
his sparrows he thinks of the wild
animals as friends you can hear him
actually walk across the way bridge and
you sort of look um thing what's that
noise and obviously look at the camera
and you can actually see him come across
is that one feeling there got one
feeding on the left-hand corner
earn is seeing an important twist in the
story
an old hand at urban living is
threatened by a new migrant to the city
if the Fox is feeding first and they
obviously can sense the bedroom they can
hear it they will look around and sent
me back off they walk away as is
Weybridge reveals this badger comes with
a formidable appetite ten point two kilo
that one win
[Music]
[Applause]